'Interview/Shi Junpeng (Member of National Urban Landscape Architecture Bidding Committee, Deputy Secretary-General of Enterprise Working Committee of China Landscape Architecture Society, Supervisor of Beijing Landscape and Greening Industry Association, Beijing Partner of Shanghai Mochi Landscape Co., Ltd.), Sun Xinbo (Deputy General Manager of Shanghai Mochi Landscape Co., Ltd., Tianjin Mochi Environmental Protection) Mr. Wang Xing (Assistant General Manager of Shanghai Mochi Garden Co., Ltd.) interviewed / UED','interviewed / Deputy President of Deng Daiming Palm Design Co., Ltd.','interviewed: Li Ziping,','Dong Gong\ xa0 directed to the founder of architecture','interviewed / Jack Yang, founder and chief partner of Zhang Diwaa Co., Ltd. Young) WAA founding partner Ruben Bergambagt WAA partner,'interviewed / Wong Mun Summ, Richard Hassell's founding partner of WOHA Architectural Firm',', and', the material exploration of the design transformation of Jinling Art Museum','architecture in the landscape', and'art activation empty space'. Interview with', Moderator:', Copyright Statement: Interview from "City, Environment, Design" (UED) magazine, No. 85, August + September 2014. Without the permission of this website, no network platform can reproduce, link, transfer or use this manuscript in other ways. Anyone who violates the above statement will be held responsible for this site. 'UED','Q','UED', two ways of expressing architectural location','Spring and Autumn Shuangmen','Zhongxiang Museum and Ming Dynasty Imperial Culture Museum','China Ministry of Commerce in Indonesia Commercial Museum Design','Hot Labels','1, UED': You have a lecture on the theme of'City and the Future'in the afternoon. In your understanding, what is the relationship between the city and the future? ','controversy a wall color too deep for Guangzhou','introduction','introduction','introduction','interview theme: performing Architecture - make everyone involved in the arts','interview theme: market status and the current development of design enterprises',', hot label:', hot label:', hot label:', hot label:', hot label:', hot label:', hot label:', hot label:', hot label:', hot label:', hot label:', hot label:', hot. Label:', Hot Label:', Hot Label:', Preface,'UED: Why is your office called CoopHimmelb (l) au? How does your architectural style relate to the blue sky? In the past 42 years, how did the design concept of blue sky group develop? How to maintain its vitality? 'Louis Vuitton Tower','Reconstructed French Architecture','Nicolas BOREL','Eastern Music City','Nicolas BOREL','Wen/UED Suqian','Wen/Tingyu','Purpose and Significance','Sausage Dog Slope','Atelier Bow-Wow_ Feff','Ecological Sustainability','1. How many people can shelters live? 'Editor/tingyu','Professor Peter Lynch's Speech at CBC Talk','Editor/Liu Tingyu','Editor/Zhaodi','Editor/Zhaodi','Wen/Roberto Requejo\ xa0OMA Senior Architect','Wen/Yunhee Jeong\ xaOMA Senior Architect','Wen/Michael Kora\ xa0;OMA Associate','Wen/Ricky Suxa_OMA Architect', David' David Gianotten,'Everything is in advance','Wen/Tingyu','Interviewee/Mrs. Renxiang xa0 Yao Renxi, Yao Renxi | Senior Partner of Dayuan Construction Workshop','Interviewee/Partner and General Manager of Architecture of Zhao Xiaonong\ xa0 Huiyuan Design Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., and'Wen/Ruan Qingyue\ Yuanzhi University'. Professor, Department of Art and Design,'Wen/Chen Wanqi-xa0 Architectural Journal Interview Reporter','Wen/Wang Junxiong-xa0 (Associate Professor, Department of Architecture, Practical University, Chief Editor of Taiwan Architectural Magazine)','Wen/Zhou Rong-rong-xa0 (Associate Professor, Famous Critic, School of Architecture, Tsinghua University)','Interviewee/Cheng Taining-xa0 China Engineering Academician, Moderator of Zhonglian Architectural Design Co., Ltd.','Interview, Editor/Kangjuan','Wen/Tingyu','Wen/Tingyu','Wen/Tingyu','UED official Wechat Public Number: UEDmagazine','Source/UED official Wechat','Wen/Tingyu source/UED official Wechat','Wen/Tingyu source/UED official Wechat','Wen/Tingyu\ source/UED official Wechat', Wen/Tingyu Source/URD Official Wechat, interview with Han Jizhi, General Manager of Jinxiu Tiandi and former Director of Promotion of Xidan Dayuecheng, interview with Zhu Lin, General Manager of Huarun Wucaicheng Management Center. As an architect, what is your ideal residence? 'Author / Daniel Libeskin','- Reread Breaking the Soil: Adventures in Life and Architecture','Elephants and Butterflies','Original in Designboom, February 18, 2013','Practice in China','Text Provision / Daniel Libeskin Studio','Edit_', ask: You've always been interested in building skin design. And in many projects, efforts to excavate the multiple meanings of building skin. But the significance of the Orange Cube and the European News Center is not limited to that. It's not even a building complex design. In fact, you're designing a negative space. How did all this happen? 'Jianwaisoho','Ropemaker Tower'-'Lubanlock','Citigroup Data Center','Team Photo','Wen/Yu Kongjian','Banmao','Kidlin's post-disaster reconstruction house designed by Banmao','SUSTAINING IDENTITY' is coming. To Shanghai! 'Wu Jiawei,'Arup Associates'East Asian Architectural Director:', Nanning Super Tall Tower','Tanan Square of Guangzhou New Television Station','Wen/Zhou Rong','Wen/Li Xinggang','Time:','1963: Arup Associates was founded','Perfect integration of art and science boldly interpret the new industry standards' -'Wen/Zhou Rong','Wen/Li Xinggang','Time:','1963: Arup Associates was established'. '' Broadcasting Mansion of the sky ',Taichung Precision Machinery Science and Technology Innovation Park]:'Let science and technology spread here','Design people-oriented zero-carbon air walking system, connect Shanghai Zhongshan Park Business District, build a dynamic city stronghold','Tsunami let us find: compared with natural forces, we are so weak','interviewees:','hot label:','Dan Rowe' Sgard','Shenzhen Baoan Airport T3 Building Design Result','Copyright Declaration: such as reprint, link, transfer or In other ways, the manuscript should be marked "Source: China Architecture Reporting Network (http://www.archreport.com.cn)". Anyone who violates the above statement will be held responsible for this site. ', Hot Tags:', Longmei Art Museum Information Map','Purer, More Modern and Exquisite Works','From Journalists to Architects','Designer Stephen Hall'